Fix reactor_QA script to account for ScaledProfiles being returned now by rescale (#2268)
PlasmaControl/DESC: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixes bug that was always setting NFP=1 in ``to_FourierRZ`` methods.
- Fixes ``VMECIO.save`` metadata for current-density variables and corrects the
  asymmetric ``currvmns`` magnetic-axis extrapolation.

> - Fixes bug in ``reactor_QA.py`` script where the current profile was allowed to have a nonzero rho^1 component, which resulted in annonphysical profile near-axis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes bug in ``reactor_QA.py`` script where the current profile was allowed to have a nonzero rho^1 component, which resulted in an unphysical profile near-axis.
```
